# Black Hat Bash Back

In this folder, you'll find stand-alone workshop materials that focus on degrading, disrupting, or deceiving ("the three D's") the operations or operators of information systems. The materials herein expect that you have a working familiarity with the foundations of the technologies relevant to the exercise. Nevertheless, all exercise material added here should be written in a manner that makes it accessible to people attempting to perform the exercises for the first time. If you cannot write the exercise so it is accessible to a beginner, you probably do not understand it well enough yourself.

This project is organized in the following way:

* `exercise-name` folder, containing:
    * `README.md` file, containing a detailed walkthrough of the exercise. Each exercise should be chunked into sections and these sections should further conform to a conventional structure, described below. We recommend that, at a minimum, the `Objectives`, `Prerequisites`, `Set up`, `Practice`, and `Defenses` sections be included in every exercise, but you are free to write exercises in whatever format you wish. You are encouraged to include all of the following standard sections:
        1. `Objectives` - a short list of achievable goals, no more than three or four. (If you are trying to accomplish more than four goals in one exercise, consider the possibility that you would be better off creating two separate exercises.)
        1. `Bill of materials` - a brief overview of the files and folders contained within the exercise folder, with short descriptions of each, used to help assure the learner that they have the complete set of materials provided by the exercise's author.
        1. `Prerequisites` - a (reasonably) thorough accounting of all the required materials or capabilities assumed to be available to the learner. Consider linking to other exercises, workshops, or [practice labs](../practice-labs/) that you feel the learner should attempt before attempting this one.
        1. `Set up` - a (reasonably) exhaustive, step-by-step walkthrough for the exact steps needed to prepare for the exercise. This typically includes installing the required software or (pre-)configuring a given infrastructural service.
        1. `Practice` - a detailed guide, written as prose, optimized for positive educational impact and geared to accomplish the goals of the lesson. Omit steps that are intended to be "an exercise for the reader," for obvious reasons.
        1. `Defenses` - a detailed walkthrough of the steps required to mitigate or nullify the effect of the vulnerability or risk described in the `Practice` section.
        1. `Discussion` - supplemental information chunked into logical sections describing additional details related to the exercise or its practice.
        1. `Additional references` - a curated list of named links (not merely raw URLs) that further elucidate the topic, goals, or general subject matter but that are only relevant to particularly interested readers. Avoid including links to references already linked to in prior sections.

Before adding exercises to this section, have a look through the other [Train the Trainers subprojects](../) to see if a similar workshop has already been created. If so, please improve that exercise/lab/workshop rather than spending (wasting?) your time duplicating our prior work.

Further, please consider the ethical implications of the exercises you add here and compose them with careful attention to the impact on the mindset of students. Less vaguely, we expect that examples or use cases described in these exercises will strictly adhere to the political and ethical leanings of our collective. We will reject or rewrite contributions that do not respect [our collective's social rules](https://github.com/AnarchoTechNYC/meta/wiki/Social-rules#be-serious-about-the-politics-no-devils-advocates) or that we deem, in our sole judgement, inappropriate for any reason. As a general rule: [punch up](https://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Punching_up), not down.

Finally, all exercises contained herein are intended for educational purposes only. It is clear that one of the most important things to know about in order to defend against being punched is to know how to throw a punch. We are showing you what a punch looks like so that you can dodge or block it, not so that you can throw it. Your actions are your own responsibility; be prepared to face the consequences of the actions you choose to take, or do not take them.
